Instant Used Car Value & Trade-In Value | Kelley Blue Book Car Values Price New/Used My Car's Value Instant Cash Offer Cars for Sale Cars for Sale Free Dealer Price Quote Vehicle History Report Find Local Dealers Private Seller Exchange Private Seller Cars Sell Your Car Car Reviews Best Cars Dealer Reviews KBB Expert Reviews Electric Vehicle Guide KBB Awards Latest Car News Car Repair Auto Repair Prices Car Recalls Maintenance Pricing Find an Auto Shop Service Advisor OBD-II Codes Research Tools Car Research Car Finder Compare Cars Vehicle History Report Car Values Car Loans Insurance Check My Credit Extended Warranty Recalls Home What’s My Car Worth? Advertisement My Car's Value Trade-In and Private Party Values VIN Make/Model License Plate Your VIN or license plate helps us confirm vehicle details and ensure a more accurate set of values. Enter your 17-digit VIN Where do I find my VIN? Email Address (Optional) Go Advertisement Ready to sell or trade in today? Tell us about your car and get a cash offer! An Official Offer to Buy Your Car. Redeemable at Participating Dealers as soon as today. Get Instant Cash Offer Featured Content 2024 Tesla Model X $81,380 Starting Price The Tesla Model X is a standard bearer in electric luxury SUVs for its blend of impressive range, exciting performance, and advanced technology. Learn More Seller's Tools Owner's Tools About Kelley Blue Book® Values For over 90 years, Kelley Blue Book has been The Trusted Resource for used car values, helping car owners understand what their used car is worth. Depending on the method of disposal, there actually may be more than one Blue Book Value for the consumer's car, truck or SUV. The Kelley Blue Book Trade In Range shows what a consumer can expect to receive for their car this week when trading it in at a dealer. The Kelley Blue Book Private Party Value reports on a fair price when selling the car to an individual instead of doing a dealer trade in. Our Values are the results of massive amounts of data, including actual sales transactions and auction prices, which are then analyzed and adjusted to account for seasonality and market trends. Kelley Blue Book Values reflect local conditions in over 100 different geographic regions and are updated weekly to give consumers the most up-to-date used car pricing information. Are Kelley Blue Book® Values Accurate? The question “What’s the Blue Book Value?” has been part of buying and selling a car for over 90 years. And simply put, no one has more experience with vehicle values and pricing than Kelley Blue Book. We’ve been the go-to source for both consumers and the automotive industry since 1926. We leverage massive amounts of data, including actual transactions - then adjust for local market conditions and seasonal trends. Our values reflect both wholesale and retail transactions to provide a 360 degree view of the market. We update our pricing at least weekly to reflect the market and give dealers and consumers the most up-to-date pricing. About Kelley Blue Book® Values For over 90 years, Kelley Blue Book has been The Trusted Resource for used car values, helping car owners understand what their used car is worth. Depending on the method of disposal, there actually may be more than one Blue Book Value for the consumer's car, truck or SUV. The Kelley Blue Book Trade In Range shows what a consumer can expect to receive for their car this week when trading it in at a dealer. The Kelley Blue Book Private Party Value reports on a fair price when selling the car to an individual instead of doing a dealer trade in. Our Values are the results of massive amounts of data, including actual sales transactions and auction prices, which are then analyzed and adjusted to account for seasonality and market trends. Kelley Blue Book Values reflect local conditions in over 100 different geographic regions and are updated weekly to give consumers the most up-to-date used car pricing information. Are Kelley Blue Book® Values Accurate? The question “What’s the Blue Book Value?” has been part of buying and selling a car for over 90 years. And simply put, no one has more experience with vehicle values and pricing than Kelley Blue Book. We’ve been the go-to source for both consumers and the automotive industry since 1926. We leverage massive amounts of data, including actual transactions - then adjust for local market conditions and seasonal trends. Our values reflect both wholesale and retail transactions to provide a 360 degree view of the market. We update our pricing at least weekly to reflect the market and give dealers and consumers the most up-to-date pricing. Advertisement FAQ |Contact Us|Do Not Sell My Personal Information|Do Not Process My Sensitive Information|About Us|Careers|Corporate|Advertising|Media|Site Map|KBB Brazil|KBB Canada Facebook Twitter RSS LinkedIn YouTube © 1995-2024 Kelley Blue Book Co.®, Inc. All rights reserved. Copyrights & Trademarks | Vehicle Photos © Evox Images|Terms of Service|Privacy Policy|Linking Policy|Accessibility Statement