Sell Your Car with Kelley Blue Book - The Trusted Experts Car Values Price New/Used My Car's Value Instant Cash Offer Cars for Sale Cars for Sale Free Dealer Price Quote Vehicle History Report Find Local Dealers Private Seller Exchange Private Seller Cars Sell Your Car Car Reviews Best Cars Dealer Reviews KBB Expert Reviews Electric Vehicle Guide KBB Awards Latest Car News Car Repair Auto Repair Prices Car Recalls Maintenance Pricing Find an Auto Shop Service Advisor OBD-II Codes Research Tools Car Research Car Finder Compare Cars Vehicle History Report Car Values Car Loans Insurance Check My Credit Extended Warranty Recalls Home Sell Your Car Advertisement Sell Your Car It’s free to do with no obligation See exactly what you’ll get for your vehicle Redeem at any participating dealer You decide to get paid or trade In just minutes you'll see what dealers are ready to offer. Get My Offer Reach millions of buyers on Autotrader and KBB.com Free vehicle history report Secure transactions and financing Verified buyers and sellers Verified buyers get a clean title every time. Verified sellers get secure payments. Sell My Car How to Sell a Car – 10 Things You Need to Know Whether online or in person, when you sell your car you need to know how to price your vehicle, sell it safely, create a car advertisement, negotiate pricing, transfer the title and more 1. The Different Ways to Sell a Car When selling your car, you need to determine whether to trade in the vehicle at a dealership, sell it yourself or get a Kelley Blue Book® Instant Cash Offer. The value of your car will vary depending on which method you use. To understand what you can expect from any of these methods, compare the Kelley Blue Book Private Party Value and Trade-In Value. When you complete those, you can compare it with the Kelley Blue Book® Instant Cash Offer. 2. Gather the Documents You Need The selling process begins with gathering all documents related to your car, such as vehicle title, service records and the original sales paperwork if it’s still in your possession. While you likely know the basics – the year, make, model and current mileage – you also need to know your car’s trim level and the features that came with your specific vehicle. Advertising these options helps increase your resale value. 3. How to Prepare Your Car to Sell Addressing anything broken, from cracked windshields to noisy exhaust pipes will help you prepare your car for selling. That is, unless you plan to sell your car “as is” at a reduced price. Another way to prep your car is to get it professionally detailed. This is one more way to reassure potential buyers that they’re getting a clean car. A professionally detailed car could help you increase the sales value. 4. How to Choose the Right Sales Price for Your Car The value of your car depends on its actual condition. Consider getting a mechanic’s assessment to identify any problems, then decide whether to get them fixed before selling your vehicle. Use web-based tools that can help you determine the value of your car, such as Kelley Blue Book’s valuation tool, and take the car condition quiz. Next, check local listings, such as those on Autotrader, for similar vehicles with similar equipment and options to see what other cars are selling for in your area. Don’t forget that regular maintenance, new tires and brakes can raise the value when selling your car. A past accident or needed repairs can lower the value of a car you intend to sell. 5. Advertising Tips and Tricks Listing your car for sale on Kelley Blue Book and Autotrader will help you reach the largest possible audience. If you want to sell your car quickly and get top dollar, you want to get it in front of as many shoppers as possible. A detailed description and an array of clear, crisp photos of the car’s interior and exterior help your car advertisement stand out to buyers. When writing, highlight the most in-demand features and why you’re selling the car. Use these tips for your car ad to help your car sell faster. 6. Tips for Selling a Car Safely When selling your car to a private party, follow these expert strategies for safe transactions. Search out a safe place to meet potential buyers, such as well-trafficked retail or restaurant parking lots with security cameras. Check your auto insurance policy to ensure it covers test drives and take a photo of the potential buyer’s driver’s license. It’s also safer to bring a family member or friend when selling the car to a private party. Also, be sure to choose only legitimate forms of payment such as a cashier’s check or online options from reputable banks. You also want to keep track of paperwork, from the title transfer to the bill of sale and a release of liability. If you don’t have the car’s title, find out how to sell a vehicle without a title. 7. What to Know about Pre-Sale Car Inspections Buyers often want a mechanic to look at a car prior to a sale. One way to make this happen is by providing a pre-sale inspection from your own mechanic to help put buyers at ease. Getting a pre-sale inspection of your vehicle before selling it will put information in your hands that a buyer will find if they do their own inspection anyway. If the buyer still prefers their own mechanic, meet the prospective buyer only at visible and reputable businesses and drive separately for safety reasons. 8. Price Negotiation Tips to Know Selling your car to a private owner means you’ll need to know how to negotiate the price. Always let the buyer take the lead in any negotiations. If you’ve given yourself some padding on your asking price, it gives the buyer room to counteroffer if they haven’t accepted it outright. Use these tips to negotiate: Determine your lowest acceptable offer, be realistic in price and bring all the paperwork for the car just in case the sale is immediate. 9. Checklist for Car Sale Paperwork If you are selling the car yourself, this is the list of paperwork you need for the sale. First, gather the vehicle title and check DMV rules in your state and that of the buyer to learn how to manage the car title transfer. In many states, the buyer needs to retitle the vehicle, register the car and pay transfer fees, including state taxes. All these steps can be completed at the buyer’s state DMV site. Be aware that most states require the seller to provide the buyer with a current smog check or state inspection certificate for emissions. It must show the vehicle passed the test prior to you transfer ownership of the car. Sellers also must notify the county tax assessor’s office of the sale. This provides another layer of protection if the future owner fails to properly title the vehicle. 10. Payment Options to Complete the Transaction When the buyer chooses your car and negotiations end, the next step is to determine the payment option to complete the transaction. Touchless online payment options, such as Zelle, PayPal, or an old school cashier’s check or money order remain the safest ways to collect payment. These payment options keep your bank information hidden and the buyer will pay you directly for the car. These methods help protect a seller against fraud. Get Your Car's Value Year Make Model Mileage ZIP Code Go Owner's Tools Seller's Tips General 7 Ways to Help Protect Yourself When Selling a Car Selling your car yourself can be easy and profitable, especially if you start with an online ad on KBB.com. Even so, there are a few important things to keep in mind. These simple steps will help protect you and help make the process go smoothly. KBB Editors December 14, 2020 Advice How to Create a Good Classified Car Ad Learn how to create a quick, effective classified car ad once you’ve rounded-up key information about your vehicle and make your auto stand out from the rest. KBB Editors January 22, 2021 General How to Sell a Car Without a Title So you’re trying to sell a car, but don’t have a title. Normally, this would be cause for alarm. But sometimes, there’s a perfectly logical explanation: The title is lost, stolen or damaged; the vehicle was abandoned on your property, or bills are owed on it; a lender holds a lien on the vehicle; you never titled the vehicle when you first purchased it. Benjamin Preston January 22, 2021 FAQ |Contact Us|Do Not Sell My Personal Information|Do Not Process My Sensitive Information|About Us|Careers|Corporate|Advertising|Media|Site Map|KBB Brazil|KBB Canada Facebook Twitter RSS LinkedIn YouTube © 1995-2024 Kelley Blue Book Co.®, Inc. All rights reserved. Copyrights & Trademarks | Vehicle Photos © Evox Images|Terms of Service|Privacy Policy|Linking Policy|Accessibility Statement|Manage Cookies