Google Chrome - The Fast & Secure Web Browser Built to be Yours Menu Menu icon chrome logo Jump to content Home The Browser by Google Features icon-expand-features Overview Google address bar Password check Use across devices Dark mode Tabs Articles for you Extensions Safety icon-expand-features Privacy on the web Support icon-expand-features Helpful tips for Chrome Support Download Chrome Scan for the Chrome app Download for Desktop close drawer icon chrome logo Home The Browser by Google Features icon-expand-features Overview Google address bar Password check Use across devices Dark mode Tabs Articles for you Extensions Safety icon-expand-features Privacy on the web Support icon-expand-features Helpful tips for Chrome Support Get Chrome Download Chrome Explore Updates AI Yours Safe Fast By Google The browser built to be yours Updates AI Yours Safe Fast By Google Need the Chrome installer? Download here Discover the latest u p d a t e s from Chrome Discover the latest u p d a t e s from Chrome Updates Automatic updates There’s a new Chrome release every four weeks, making it easy to have the newest features and a faster, safer web browser. Learn about automatic updates Latest New from Chrome Chrome regularly updates with tools and features that make it faster and easier to use. Learn what’s new on Chrome Supercharge your browser with A I built right in Supercharge your browser with A I built right in Generative themes Create a theme that’s uniquely yours. Bring your imagination to life with a Chrome theme that’s unmistakably you. The power of AI lets you play with subject, color, art style, and mood for a one-of-a-kind browsing experience. Learn more about AI themes Help me write Spark your creativity. Whether you want to leave a well-written review for a restaurant or make a formal inquiry about an apartment rental, Chrome's AI-powered writing tool can help you write with more confidence on the web. Learn more about Help me write Search Generative Experience Learn as you browse with generative AI. Get to the core of what you’re looking for. Quickly find and understand key points of a page, get questions answered as you read, and easily jump to relevant sections. Learn more about SGE while browsing Tab organizer Let Chrome help organize your tabs so you can keep browsing. More open tabs than you can manage? AI-powered grouping suggestions help you sort and organize your tabs, so you can stay focused on your browsing flow. It even suggests group names and emojis. 💡 Learn more about Tab organizer Make it y o u r s and take it with you Make it y o u r s and take it with you Customize your Chrome Personalize your web browser with themes, dark mode and other options built just for you. Explore themes Browse across devices Sign in to Chrome on any device to access your bookmarks, saved passwords, and more. Save time with autofill Use Chrome to save addresses, passwords, and more to quickly autofill your details. Sign in to get started Customize your Chrome Personalize your web browser with themes, dark mode and other options built just for you. Explore themes Browse across devices Sign in to Chrome on any device to access your bookmarks, saved passwords, and more. Save time with autofill Use Chrome to save addresses, passwords, and more to quickly autofill your details. Sign in to get started Extend your experience From shopping and entertainment to productivity, find extensions to improve your experience in the Chrome Web Store. Explore extensions Stay s a f e while you browse Stay s a f e while you browse PASSWORD MANAGER Use strong passwords on every site. Chrome has Google Password Manager built in, which makes it simple to save, manage, and protect your passwords online. It also helps you create stronger passwords for every account you use. Learn more about Password Manager ENHANCED SAFE BROWSING Browse with the confidence that you're staying safer online. Chrome's Safe Browsing warns you about malware or phishing attacks. Turn on Enhanced Safe Browsing for even more safety protections. Learn more about Safe Browsing SAFETY CHECK Check your safety level in real time with just one click. Chrome's Safety Check confirms the overall security and privacy of your browsing experience, including your saved passwords, extensions, and settings. If something needs attention, Chrome will help you fix it. Learn more about safety on Chrome PRIVACY GUIDE Keep your privacy under your control with easy-to-use settings. Chrome makes it easy to understand exactly what you’re sharing online and who you’re sharing it with. Simply use the Privacy Guide, a step-by-step tour of your privacy settings. Learn more about intuitive safety controls The f a s t way to do things online Prioritize performance Chrome is built for performance. Optimize your experience with features like Energy Saver and Memory Saver. Learn more about Memory and Energy Saver Stay on top of tabs Chrome has tools to help you manage the tabs you’re not quite ready to close. Group, label, and color code your tabs to stay organized and work faster. Optimized for your device Chrome is built to work with your device across platforms. That means a smooth experience on whatever you’re working with. Scan for the Chrome app Prioritize performance Chrome is built for performance. Optimize your experience with features like Energy Saver and Memory Saver. Learn more about Memory and Energy Saver Stay on top of tabs Chrome has tools to help you manage the tabs you’re not quite ready to close. Group, label, and color code your tabs to stay organized and work faster. Optimized for your device Chrome is built to work with your device across platforms. That means a smooth experience on whatever you’re working with. Scan for the Chrome app The browser b u i l t by Google GOOGLE AI Access AI superpowers while you browse. Google is integrating artificial intelligence to make our products more useful. We use AI for features like Search, Google Translate, and more, and we’re innovating new technologies responsibly. Explore Google AI Google Search The search bar you love, built right in. Access a world of knowledge at your fingertips. Check the weather, solve math equations, and get instant search results, all contained inside your browser’s address bar. GOOGLE WORKSPACE Get things done, with or without Wi-Fi. Get things done in Gmail, Google Docs, Google Slides, Google Sheets, Google Translate and Google Drive, even without an Internet connection. Learn how to work offline Frequently asked questions How do I make Chrome my default web browser? You can set Chrome as your default browser on Windows or Mac operating systems as well as your iPhone, iPad or Android device. When you set Chrome as your default browser, any link you click will automatically open in Chrome. Find specific instructions for your device here. How can I customize Chrome? You can test out different colors, themes and settings in real time by opening a new tab in Chrome and clicking the “Customize Chrome” icon in the bottom right corner. A new side panel will open with the available customization features. Learn more about customizing Chrome. What are Chrome's safety settings? Chrome uses cutting-edge safety and security features to help you manage your safety. Use Safety Check to instantly audit for compromised passwords, safe browsing status and any available Chrome updates. Learn more about safety and security on Chrome. What is Chrome’s password manager? Chrome uses Google Password Manager, which makes it simple to save, manage, and protect your passwords online. It also helps you create strong, unique passwords for every account you use. Learn more about Google Password Manager. How do I add a browser extension to Chrome? It’s easy to add extensions to Chrome for desktop. Simply visit the Chrome Web Store, find and select the extension you want, and click Add to Chrome. Some extensions might need additional permissions. To use the extension, click on its icon to the right of the address bar. Learn more about extensions. How do I update Chrome? Chrome updates happen in the background when you close and reopen your computer's browser. If you haven't closed your browser in a while, you might see a pending update. Learn more about Chrome updates. Take your browser with you Download Chrome on your mobile device or tablet and sign into your account for the same browser experience, everywhere. Get Chrome Download Chrome Scan for the Chrome app Follow us Youtube Twitter Facebook Chrome Family Other Platforms Chromebooks Chromecast Enterprise Download Chrome Browser Chrome Browser for Enterprise Chrome Devices ChromeOS Google Cloud Google Workspace Education Google Chrome Browser Devices Web Store Dev and Partners Chromium ChromeOS Chrome Web Store Chrome Experiments Chrome Beta Chrome Dev Chrome Canary Stay Connected Google Chrome Blog Update Chrome Chrome Help Chrome Tips Google Privacy and Terms About Google Google Products Cookies management controls Help Help Change language or region Català - Espanya Dansk - Danmark Deutsch - Deutschland Eesti - Eesti English - Australia English - Canada English - United Kingdom English - Hong Kong SAR China English - Ireland English - India English - Philippines English - Pakistan English - Singapore English - United States Español - Latinoamérica Español - España Español - Estados Unidos Filipino - Pilipinas Français - Canada Français - France Hrvatski - Hrvatska Indonesia - Indonesia Italiano - Italia Latviešu - Latvija Lietuvių - Lietuva Magyar - Magyarország Melayu - Malaysia Nederlands - Nederland Norsk Bokmål - Norge Polski - Polska Português - Portugal Português - Brasil Română - România Slovenčina - Slovensko Slovenščina - Slovenija Suomi - Suomi Svenska - Sverige Tiếng Việt - Việt Nam Türkçe - Türkiye Čeština - Česko Ελληνικά - Ελλάδα Български - България Русский - Россия Српски - Србија Українська - Україна עברית العربية - المملكة العربية السعودية فارسی हिन्दी - भारत ไทย - ไทย 中文 - 中国 中文 - 中国香港特别行政区 中文 - 台灣 日本語 - 日本 한국어 - 대한민국 Get Chrome for Windows For Windows 10 32-bit. For Windows 11/10 64-bit. For Windows XP/Vista. This device won’t receive updates because Google Chrome no longer supports your operating system. For Windows 8.1/8/7 32-bit. This device won’t receive updates because Google Chrome no longer supports your operating system. For Windows 8.1/8/7 64-bit. This device won’t receive updates because Google Chrome no longer supports your operating system. Get Chrome for Mac For macOS 10.15 or later. This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because macOS 10.6 - 10.12 are no longer supported. This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because macOS 10.6 - 10.12 are no longer supported. This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because macOS 10.6 - 10.12 are no longer supported. This computer will no longer receive Google Chrome updates because macOS 10.6 - 10.12 are no longer supported. For macOS 10.13/10.14 This device won’t receive updates because Google Chrome no longer supports your operating system. Get Chrome for Linux Debian/Ubuntu/Fedora/openSUSE. Please select your download package: 64 bit .deb (For Debian/Ubuntu) 64 bit .rpm (For Fedora/openSUSE) Not Debian/Ubuntu or Fedora/openSUSE? There may be a community-supported version for your distribution. See Linux Chromium packages Get Chrome for iOS Get Chrome for chromeOS Get Chrome for android Set Google Chrome as my default browser Help make Google Chrome better by automatically sending usage statistics and crash reports to Google. What are crash reports? Note: Installing Google Chrome will add the Google repository so your system will automatically keep Google Chrome up to date. If you don’t want Google's repository, do “sudo touch /etc/default/google-chrome” before installing the package. By downloading Chrome, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Chrome and ChromeOS Additional Terms of Service Accept and Install Accept and Install Accept and Install Get Chrome Download for phone or tablet Android iOS Download for another desktop OS Windows 11/10 64-bit Windows 10 32-bit macOS 10.15 or later Linux Frozen versions Windows XP Windows Vista Windows 8.1/8/7 32-bit Windows 8.1/8/7 64-bit Mac 10.6 - 10.8 Mac 10.9 Mac 10.10 Mac 10.11 - 10.12 Mac 10.13 - 10.14 Looks like you’re already using Chrome browser. Nice! The device you have runs on ChromeOS, which already has Chrome browser built-in. No need to manually install or update it — with automatic updates, you’ll always get the latest version. Learn more about automatic updates. Looking for Chrome for a different operating system? See the full list of supported operating systems.